Hahaha
Ah, Mr. Sun borrowed some tea leaves, and I made some. Please try it.
Hey, next month is the trail festival
What are we going to see?
He can't wait.
Come all the way in
Hahaha, do you have something good?
Lure you to go earlier
Oh dad
What was it?
Help!
Dad?
Dad hahaha
What are you doing?
Grandpa passed away?
That's not possible.
I just got off the phone with him yesterday.
Little grandpa, please wait a few minutes
Bai Jie immediately booked three plane tickets to the crew
want to meet
Grandpa
How could this be?
The old brother who was fine a few days ago
Why did you leave suddenly?
It shouldn't be.
Black nails are poisonous
Who poisoned it?